NSW Government, Accessibility NSW.
Barriers to access.
So when I have all the things
that I need to be able to do my job,
I say to people
all the time, I'm not blind at home,
I'm not visually impaired at home.
I don't have a disability at home.
I can go about my life and
just get on with things, whatever that is.
So it's frustrating
when you step out your front door.
That then you've got like a
a backpack that you put on.
You're like, well, I'm a problem
or this is going to be an issue.
So if you get everything right,
there actually is no issue
and you feel normal and fine
and engaged in the world.
And then your first world problem can be
where do we get a cup of coffee?
Or, you know, it
could be those normal things rather than
how am I going to navigate there?
NSW Government, Accessibility NSW.